# Detection Of Deepfake Videos Using Long Distance Attention 


Abstract:


With the rapid progress of deepfake techniques in recent years, facial video forgery can generate highly deceptive video contents and bring severe security threats. And detection of such forgery videos is much more urgent and challenging. Most existing detection methods treat the problem as a vanilla binary classification problem. In this paper, the problem is treated as a special fine-grained classification problem since the differences between fake and real faces are very subtle. It is observed that most existing face forgery methods left some common artifacts in the spatial domain and time domain, including generative defects in the spatial domain and inter-frame inconsistencies in the time domain. And a spatial-temporal model is proposed which has two components for capturing spatial and temporal forgery traces in global perspective respectively.
The two components are designed using a novel long distance attention mechanism. The one component of the spatial domain is used to capture artifacts in a single frame, and the other component of the time domain is used to capture artifacts in consecutive frames. They generate attention maps in the form of patches. The attention method has a broader vision which contributes to better assembling global information and extracting local statistic information. Finally, the attention maps are used to guide the network to focus on pivotal parts of the face, just like other fine-grained classification methods. The experimental results on different public datasets demonstrate that the proposed method achieves the state-of the- art performance, and the proposed long distance attention method can effectively capture pivotal parts for face forgery.



Detection of Deepfake Videos Using Long Distance Attention: With the rapid advancement of deepfake techniques, facial video forgery poses severe security threats, necessitating urgent and challenging detection measures. Unlike existing methods that approach this as a binary classification problem, this paper treats it as a fine-grained classification problem, acknowledging the subtle differences between fake and real faces. Utilizing supervised learning methods, including Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), multi-attention mechanisms, fine-grained classification, spatial-temporal modeling, and long distance attention mechanisms, this project is built using the Django framework, Front end HTML and CSS .
